Add missing Knowledge Checks, Learning Outcomes, and Knowledge Check links to Ruby on Rails/Routing (#23044)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: rails_programming/rails_basics/routing.md

* [CodeSchool's Surviving APIs with Rails](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99nZVo9amAQ) - Level 1 is free and gets into REST, Routes, Constraints, and Namespaces.
* [Medium article](https://medium.com/podiihq/understanding-rails-routes-and-restful-design-a192d64cbbb5) on rails routing. It covers a lot of the same things that the Rails Guides cover but with a little different tone that some people may find easier to digest

### Knowledge Check
This section contains questions for you to check your understanding of this lesson. If you’re having trouble answering the questions below on your own, review the material above to find the answer.

* <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://guides.rubyonrails.org/routing.html#the-purpose-of-the-rails-router">What is the purpose of the Rails router?</a>

> * <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-ruby-on-rails/courses/ruby-on-rails/lessons/routing#root">How do you assign the root of your application in the router?</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="#root">How do you assign the root route of your application in the router?</a>
```

> * <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://guides.rubyonrails.org/routing.html#crud-verbs-and-actions">Assuming we have no knowledge of the HTTP-verb. Which 3 RESTful controller actions could be triggered by the `/photos/:id` -route?</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://guides.rubyonrails.org/routing.html#crud-verbs-and-actions">Assuming we have no knowledge of the HTTP-verb, which 3 RESTful controller actions could be triggered by the `/photos/:id` -route?</a>
```

> * <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://guides.rubyonrails.org/routing.html#restricting-the-routes-created">How can you assign all 7 RESTful routes of a resource - minus the destroy-route - in just one line?</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://guides.rubyonrails.org/routing.html#restricting-the-routes-created">How can you assign all of the RESTful routes for a resource - excluding the destroy-route - in just one line?</a>
```
